Security, come here
People like this who can't even afford chips
Kick them out for me
I'll say it again.
Not kicked out
Is to type out
Did you hear it?
Knock them out
You don't ask why
I don't think you need to ask
Less money is the VIP of our Yongning Club.
The recharge is more than 3 million every year
Don't say you did it
Even if you didn't do anything
Less money, let's kick you out
I still do
Ye Feng, this is the upper class
I will crush you with power
What can you do?
What's up?
Have a game
Mr. Ye and other cards
I have never heard of the brand of a famous club
Then I'll play a game with him
You don't know the importance, do you?
Qian Shao is someone who is favored by our Shangguan family
Just a poor guy like you
What do you deserve?
My Shangguan Family's Yongning Club
Don't you dare let others compete?
Who says I can't?
Blackjack a chip 1 million do you have it?
Past life
Why bother with such inferior people?
I'm going to show this lower class today
What is true crushing?
I can't give the chips
Here are my chips.